No wonder rings a bell. It's the same name as my wife.
Grandma, I was just about to go pick her up.
When I get her, I will bring her to you first.
Keep your word this time.
Don't come.
I tell you what.
Keep your butt to have married her.
Be grateful for what you have.
Grandma, I trust your good read of people.
I want to share what will be responsible for her.
Mr. Miller, it's here. You want me to call for Mrs. Or...
She's my wife. Of course I'll call myself.
My dear, I hope you'll enjoy the gift I've prepared for you.
Come on, come on, come on.
Shake a like and fetch a bottle, catch up. The fried fish is almost done.
Okay, I'm on my way.
You're looking for her?
Junior lives here?
Yeah.
And what is your relationship with her?
Honey, who is it?
Who are you? Who are you looking for?
This is a woman that I married. Not only is she fooling around with another man, but she also doesn't recognize me.
What is your relationship?
How are the things between us having anything to do with you?
I'm warning you, don't you ever bother us again, or I'll make you suffer.
Come on, my Superman.
All right, sugar, let me fill in the place left by the cheap husband of yours.
Mm-hmm. That looks like Mr. Miller.
And the flowers look familiar, too.
God, you're okay.
Come back home quickly. Go, go, go, go.
Ugh. Must be another rejected word. What a waste.
There seems to be something...
Jeweled necklace.
Guys, what are you doing?
Did you see weird guy?
What's wrong?
There was a man knocking on our door.
She should know something evil because I answered honestly to every question he asked.
Yeah, yeah. The man looked at me like he was trying to swallow me alive, scared the shit out of me.
Luckily, Jason came around quickly.
This neighbor has a large micro population.
I heard about a robbery and murder case a few days ago.
We had to stay vigilant from now on.
I'll order a surveillance camera to be installed at the doorway.
From today, onward, if you're late from work.
Give me a call in advance and I'll pick you up downstairs, okay?
Yeah. It's this shit.
Forget it. I must have misread it.
How could the bouquet I bought from Mr. Miller appear on my doorstep?
Alice.
Grandma.
Where's Jenny?
Jenny?
What are you doing here without her?
Yeah. She's with another man.
What?
What are you talking about?
Jenny is not that kind of person. She would never do things like that.
You ought not to tarnish her reputation.
I saw it with my own eyes. What do you say?
Alice, is there some kind of misunderstanding?
Do you want grandma to call and ask?
I called her when I came back from abroad and I just heard a man's voice on the phone.
And I just lied to myself that it could be some misunderstanding.
And today I went out to pick up some flowers for her.
I saw her with another man.
What are you going to do now?
Divorce.
Alice, I know you're seeing red now.
But put yourself in Jenny's shoes.
Girl Flush marries a guy she only met once.
And her husband disappears right after they got the license.
And there's nothing romantic between her and her Flush married husband.
There's nothing wrong with meeting the right person during this time.
So?
Why don't we wait for her to file for divorce?
That way we can both try and maintain some decency.
What do you think?
Decency?
Grandma.
If it wasn't for you, I'd have made this filthy couple disappear from New York City.
And now you want me to give them decency?
And does she ever think about my decency when she's having sex with another man?
So I completely, I cannot.
Please, prepare my divorce papers immediately.
Alice, seems like I made a mistake.
Alice, I just don't want your marriage to end up being the exchange.
Like your parents.
Hello Mr. Miller?
Mrs. Alice's friend Ken, your president is drunk.
Come to me use and get him back.
Mr. Middle of the night, Mr. Miller should be with his wife.
How is he drunk at the club?
Never mind getting a drunk and president at home.
This was in the duties of a personal secretary.
I'm here to think of Mr. Miller.
You're Alice's new assistant?
It's a shame for such a hot shake to hang around this summer.
They say on the internet that this kid is a playboy.
They eat.
It's white.
Do you have a boyfriend?
It's my personal business.
They're not.
I can be your boyfriend.
Sorry, I'm not interested in Mr. Smith.
Mmm.
Not interested in me?
Are you interested in...
Alice then?
I guessed it, right?
Mr. Smith, is it this hard to learn to be respectful?
You're so full of yourself to think that all the women would fall for a rich guy like you.
Whoa.
Interesting.
Alice, your new assistant's got a lot of nerve.
Who's back at her?
Me?
Why?
Okay, okay, fine.
Mr. Miller, you want to go home?
Yes, let's go.
Miss White, if you're looking for a guy, look for somebody as good looking as handy as I am.
Not somebody like you, Mr. Miller.
He's only got a pretty face, but not good and bad.
Mr. Miller, are you having a fever?
Why are you so warm and turning red?
It doesn't look like just being drunk.
Are you allergic to alcohol?
Mr. Miller, wait a moment.
Ginny?
Are you sober now, Mr. Miller?
Why did you get this awful name?
I got my name from my grandma.
I saw this out at night when nonsense has been uttering.
Mr. Miller, you'd better rest.
You couldn't speak.
Mr. Miller, water is here.
Mr. Miller, if you're okay, I'll leave.
Must be his wife.
Me and Mr. Miller are in the same room in the middle of the night.
What's going on?
Mr. Miller, should I hide somewhere?
What are you hiding from?
It would be bad if your wife misunderstood.
Don't worry.
She won't misunderstand, and I'm not interested in you either.
Fine.
If you have nothing to worry about me neither, whatever.
Alice, you knew you are a allergic tool.
If she dares tell anyone about my weakness, I'll have to tell Bruce to throw her into the New York City River and feed her to the fish.
I've been working my butt off all night, and instead of thanking me,
you're going to feed me to the fish?
You know you can't drink any alcohol.
Why you still did it? You are risking your own life.
I was feeling down, so I had a few drinks.
Why were you feeling down?
Mrs. White, please come over and give me a hand.
Alice, take off your clothes, and let Miss White help apply the medicine.
No, I'm fine now, and I don't need any ointment.
If you don't cooperate, I'll have to call your grandma.
Mr. Miller, you better listen to Dr. Mary.
Felix, come here.
Alice, Felix hurt his hand and has not healed.
Better than Miss White do it.
I'm going to do this for you. If it wasn't for the double salary, I wouldn't do it even if you bit me.
Mr. Miller, bear with me, please. I will try not to hurt you.
I'll do it myself.
Mr. Miller, did I hurt you?
Felix, take her home.
I want to do it for you.
Mr. Miller?
What did you do to have mess with Mr. Miller?
Could it be the wife of the president found out that I took Mr. Miller back home the other day,
and she misunderstood it?
Mr. Miller gave me that cold walk.
Looks like I can't have any contact with Mr. Miller, except for West.
So, failed in your attempt to seduce Mr. Miller with your look?
Can I expect anything other than a grunt for me, David?
You're so good at cursing without sinking into foul language.
Impressive, but we've got a long way forward.
And let's see who gets to come out on top, and...
Yeah, well see you.
You asked for us ready, and can compensate you $10 million for moral damages.
Good.
Those who have the guts to betray me will have to suffer the consequences.
You contact that woman tomorrow.
And ask her to initiate the divorce.
I promised grandma I'd wait for the other party to file for divorce,
but I didn't say to hold my lawyer back from spurring her on.
Mr. Miller, you asked for me?
You're coming with me.
To the Smith family banquet tonight.
You're not mad at me anymore?
I'm the one who took it out on her.
She just happened to share the name of that despicable woman, Miss White.
Miss White? May I ask you for a dance?
Mr. Smith, I'm sorry, I don't know how to dance.
I can teach you.
Didn't Mr. Smith ask me if I had a boyfriend last time?
You're going to turn me down by pretending to have a boyfriend.
I don't have a boyfriend.
Then I can court you.
I have a husband.
It's the first time I've ever met a woman rejecting me with such a creative excuse.
Mr. Smith, I'm really not interested you at all. Not now, not ever.
Don't waste your time on me.
Well, well.
Instead of entertaining the guests as the host, you're hiding here, flirting with my assistant.
How much of what Ken and I said to you here?
Mr. Miller.
Alice, your assistant is bullying me around all the time.
Teach her some discipline.
Are you bullying him?
No way. How dare I pick on Mr. Smith's in his territory.
Alice, you changed. You're placing women above friends now.
Stop your nonsense.
Okay. Okay. So?
Let's get a drink then.
Mr. Miller, you can't drink tonight.
Dr. Mary called me and said you can't drink any alcohol.
Alice, your assistant is bossy like your wife.
Mr. Smith, could you hold your tongue for a minute?
Alice, look. She's bullying me again.
Well, I'm not in the mood for any drink tonight.
Let's go for something else.
Hey. So? Let's play Truth or Dare tonight.
See you, Alice. Here.
There's the guts.
I'm game for anything that doesn't give up money.
Okay, then. Truth or dare? It is.
You lost. Truth or dare?
Truth?
Um, the excuse you used tonight when you turned me down is a truth or a made-up excuse.
I don't have a boyfriend.
So I can court you?
I have a husband.
The excuse you used tonight when you turned me down is a truth or a made-up excuse.
It's true.
I miss white between you and Mr. Smith.
You've already asked one question. Ask a kid after you win the next hand.
Okay. You lost. Truth or dare?
Truth?
Jenny, it's your turn to ask.
Why are you always making fun of me?
Because, Jenny, you're so cute.
I can't help it.
Why don't you tell Alice and come work for me?
Where do you get the balls to snatch my people?
Next hand, next hand.
Again.
The paparazzi says that you're dating that super hot Jennifer. Is that true?
I just got out of her bed this morning. What do you think?
Ooh.
The gossip gets her carried away.
Next hand, Alice's winning streak can't go forever and beat me every hand.
No one can beat me if I don't want to lose.
This man is not a man. What a god.
I don't care Alice.
You're gonna answer a question even if you win to amend my little heartburn by you.
What's going on with you and your wife?
It's so curious as to what happened.
Let's go. That's it? Yes. You guys have ruined the fun.
What else do you have fun in besides work?
Mr. Miller, what are those many people flocked over to make a toast?
I almost got hammered. I have drunk that much for you and you're calling me a fool how unfair.
You think just anyone is qualified to drink with me?
No one will force me to drink if I don't want to.
Mr. Miller, why did you say that earlier? That's what I didn't have to drink that much.
You're being foolish and you have the nerve to blame me now?
Where's your place? Tell Bruce to drive you back.
No need thanks Mr. Miller. I've got somebody to pick me up.
Your husband? Your husband?
Oh no, it's where my husband has been fooling around. There's no way for him to come for me.
Take care of this stuff and my trunk for me, okay?
Yes sir. Mr. Miller, aren't these gifts for your wife? What have you given them out?
They have no use now. So throw them away, sell them or use them yourself. What have you wanted to do with them?
Mr. Miller, what happened to you and your wife?
You're again in front of me.
Mr. Miller, Dr. de Villa.
Later. Hasn't the guy coming to pick you up arrived yet?
Traffic is bad around here today and he's been stuck in it for a while. He's coming.
Oh my guy's here. Bye Mr. Miller. Jason, I'm here.
Mr. Miller, Ms. Whitener, husband are so sweet.
Drive.
You're such a silly little girl. Are you really going to put yourself through all that trouble to get a double paycheck?
They're bullied if you have money.
Ginny, it's been three years. It's all over.
Really weak to alcohol. Crying up every time.
It's okay, it's fine. You can cry all you want to. There's news. I really need to share to you.
Guess what? Your novel has received really good reception and SH pictures wanted by the movie and TV rights.
Really?
Yeah, they asked to meet us this weekend. They sounded very sincere and you'll get a ticket to go to DC on Friday, okay?
Yeah?
By the way, this looks very expensive. You didn't even tell us. You made a fortune. Look at you.
These are the gifts my boss bought. I think they had a fight or something, so he asked me to deal with them.
Oh Ginny, I'm sorry I didn't see you. Did it burn you?
How's it taste to be in the brink of disaster? I want to fuck you up.
I want to fuck you up.
Fuck off you bastard!
Ginny, I warned you long ago not to compete with me for the position of special assistance to the President.
Yes, you don't listen. I would just have to let you get out of angry and the most shameful amount of money.
This is who you will...
Ginny looks pure and innocent, but her private life turns out to be this messy.
Who knows how many men she's slept with. Maybe she hooked up with some guy to get the chance to be transferred to HQ.
It's the least of her and a girl who's trying to get ahead, but it's kind of pretty.
Just make up rumors about her private life and accuse her of seducing men, and then everyone will come to believe in abuse.
Look at that piece of yours, what a vamp messing around with married men at this young age bitch.
Keep making it up.
Stop trying to shit the blimp. Get her out. Pour away from here. Never come back.
The whites did not have a place for a shameful someone like you.
Your father would turn over in his grave knowing that it ultimately you committed.
Get out of here!
Just like what happened to me three years ago.
Ginny, is any of this true?
Is Mr. Miller here yet?
Just arrived.
Mr. Miller, there are rumors in a company that I have been sleeping around in private.
Can I buy you for two minutes to explain?
I'm not interested in your private life, but if there's a possibility that M Group's image could be tarnished by your fairs, then I'm sorry.
M Group cannot keep you.
But, Mr. Miller, please let me explain before.
You say it's a rumor, then show me the rebuttal evidence.
I'll give you two hours to get it right.
Or how do you expect me to trust your abilities?
Thank you, Mr. Miller.
Mr. Miller, you asked for me?
Have the tech department fully back up Ginny.
Okay.
Since one has such trivial things start to concern, Mr. Miller.
The evidence is all gathered. I know David was behind us.
What are you doing?
Do you know who my uncle is? Let me go. I'll make you all fly us.
Men know any means other than making up rumors to slow shaming a woman?
Shini, I'm not talking with you.
HR department?
Notify everyone in the company that anyone who conspires to slander coworkers will be blacklisted permanently by M Group.
You've all seen what happened today.
If I can get David, the rumor monger out of your family, I can get any other crooks to go as well.
Because, behind me, stands Mr. Miller.
Mr. Miller.
Thank you.
Thank me for what?
I know you called the tech department, otherwise I would have no way to track down the IP address David used.
Mr. Miller made me make that call. Thank him if you want.
I thought it was Mr. Miller who suspected me enough sleeping around.
So he said those cruel words.
I never thought it was for me to turn up evidence to prove my innocence.
Only Grandma, Jason, and Maggie trusted me unconditionally, but Mr. Miller believed me as much as those closest to me.
I'll work hard and stay loyal.
Sure up, I believe in you.
Mr. Miller is as pleasant to die as the world's famous paintings.
What are you looking at?
I think Mr. Miller, you're the best boss in the world.
Mr. Miller doesn't like the ass kissing thing.
In terms of varying, no one compares to Mr. Miller who remains so elegant and reserved, even when eating.
What? Mr. Miller is simply stunning. His features are so...
So what?
So... so thankful to you.
Then work harder. Attend to the file after you finish your meal.
Yes, sir.
I was not doing you a favor, but the way you handled it and the efficiency today showed me your value.
Dr. Miller will be here later. Go ask her for some medicine yourself.
Mix these topicals and apply twice a day. It will itch a little bit when the skin peels off.
Just don't scratch it.
Dr. Mary, thank you.
Mr. Miller, your wife is not answering the phone.
No one answers the phone. Can't you go knock on her door?
Most loyal was Mr. Miller.
Do I have to teach you how to find people myself?
Go grind me a cup of coffee.
Yes, sir.
Even the lawyers can't get hold of that unfaithful woman.
Then there's no way to cut ties with her right away.
Piece of shit!
Would I go down this much?
The lawyer said that he failed to find that woman at her own place.
What the hell is she up to? Did she fancy me coming to her in person?
This is Kesta. The man you married a year ago.
Come out and meet me right away to discuss her divorce.
How is her cell beeping?